Add a PKCS#10 (certification requests) implementation (#323)
RustCrypto/formats: pkcs10/README.md

# [RustCrypto]: PKCS#10 (Certification Requests)

[![crate][crate-image]][crate-link]
[![Docs][docs-image]][docs-link]
[![Build Status][build-image]][build-link]
![Apache2/MIT licensed][license-image]
![Rust Version][rustc-image]
[![Project Chat][chat-image]][chat-link]

Pure Rust implementation of Public-Key Cryptography Standards (PKCS) #10:
Certification Request Syntax Specification ([RFC 2986]).

[Documentation][docs-link]

## About PKCS#10

> PKCS#8 is a format for certification requests (sometimes callec certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PKCS#10 is a format for certification requests (sometimes called certificate
```

Author: Fixed in the latest push.
